# TeamMcCooke_HackBio2021

The goal of the internship is to provide reasonable research experience with at least a proof of publication/preprint that is tenable in their career progression efforts.

## The Team. 

1. **Gautami** (Team Leader).  
    E-mail: gautamipatki@gmail.com.  
    Slack username: @Gautami.  
    Biostack: Genomics.  
    Twittter username: @GPATKI_.  
    programming language: perl.  
    Linkedin: [Gautami Patki](linkedin.com/in/gautami-patki-a01889133)  

2. **Mike**  
    E-mail: mikemwanga6@gmail.com.  
    Slack username: @Mike.  
    Biostack: Data Science.  
    Twittter username: @ItsMike.  
    programming language: python.  
    Linkedin: [mike-mwanga](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mike-mwanga-ab17389a/)  
4. **Licience**
6. **Ovi**
7. **Temmykeji**
8. **Nandha**
9. **Luisa**
10. **Kavisha**
11. **Apurva**  
    E-mail: apurvagosavi5@gmail.com  
    Slack username: @ApurvaaGo   
    Biostack: Genomics.   
    Twittter username: @happyappy   
    programming language: Java   
    Linkedin: [Apurva Gosavi](linkedin.com/in/apurva-gosavi-5a6590192)
13. **Mercy**.  
     E-mail: modupemercyanthony@gmail.com.  
     Slack Username: @Mercy.  
     Biostack: Data Science.  
     Twitter Username: @Dupe_.  
     Programming language: python.  
     LinkedIn: [Modupe Anthony](https://www.linkedin.com/in/modupe-anthony-066392177).  





## First task:
**The Spreadsheet project**  

1. Each team should create a GitHub repo. Add a comprehensive readme.md with essential information about the internship, the team, the contributors, pictures if possible using markdown.

2. Each team will work on a minimum of  7 different programming languages. For each person in a team, pick one of the 7 programming languages, Write a script that prints your name, your email, your slack username (with @), your biostack, twitter useraname and hamming distance, in that order.Push the script to your team’s git repo

3. Collaboratively as a team, develop a bash script that clones the git repo, and generates a CSV file from all the outputs of your team’s scripts. Submit your team’s GitHub link to only the bash script 

Only the emails and slack handles that are on the CSV sheet generated by your script will be promoted to stage 1


